Hi.
Following this lecture we going to create a Simpson book app and this will be similar to our landmark
book.
But this time we're not going to use some random eraser we're not going to create multiple arrays but
rather we're just going to go for models and we're going to use classes in order to create this Simpson
models and display them in table view controllers.
So I'm going to go for AOS and single view app.
So we've done that testing.
We're just going to build this real app.
So I'm going to call the Simpson book and we're not going to check the swift UI or core data.
So I'm going to head next and I'm going to save this in my AOS complete folder.
So we're going to start with designing this app.
OK.
Let me make this into a full screen mode so we can't see better.
And I'm going to go ahead and jump to mean that storyboard because I'm going to have a very simple design
in here as well.
I'm going to have a two weave controllers in which I will show the Simpson names in first table we have
controller and then the second view controller I'm just going to show the image of the Simpson and name
and job of the Simpson as well.
So in the fresh weave controller we're going to have our table view as usual.
Right.
So how can we add a table view to here.
So let's go to a library and find our table to use.
So click on this plus button and just search for table view and drag and drop one table view over here
and this will stretch out all the way to the edges.
And remember there's a good way to do that.
How can we do that.
We can give you a zero constraint.
So let me go to this manually constraint menu.
And here I will just give zero to these all constraints and I will say add four constraints and it will
just stretch out all the way to the edges.
So that's good.
That's all I have to have in my first we have a controller.
Now I will have a second view controller in which I will display the image of the Simpson and name and
job of the Simpson selected Simpson.
OK so this is going to be exactly like landmark book where we choose one of the Simpson's to display
the details of that Simpson.
So if you want you can have another team for your app as well like in landmark book.
So let me create the other wheel controller here as well.
So let me just go and search for a view and it will bring me up the weave controller just drag and drop
here.
OK.
And later on.
Remember when we have a navigation bar inside of this view controller if we connect this to we have
controllers together with a Segway.
Show Segway.
It means that this view controller will get the navigation bar too so that we will have an automatically
created back by them in which we can go back and forth.
So right now I'm going to choose this we controller and go to Ed and I'm going to go for embed in and
say navigation controller.
So this will not be seen in my real app.
This is just the navigation controller and it added the navigation bar in my view controller.
So while I have to do right now is just to create a Segway between this view controllers so that we
will have the same in here as well.
So select those yellow dot and control drag to here and select show Segway.
And here as you can see I have my navigation bar and I have my back button right now.
So before we proceed we have to do an identifier to disagree.
Right.
So click on this and make sure that you clicked on the Segway.
You can click from here hierarchy as well and go to attributes and do an identifier.
So generally I prefer to do this like two details we see.
OK.
So define the near weave controllers name and say to this we have controller and there is another combination
saying that from view controller to second view controller or something like that.
So next what I'm going to have in this view controller is an image of you first in which I will display
the image of the chosen Simpson right.
And then I'm going to display the name of the Simpson.
So I don't have to change any attributes of Image view I believe I can go ahead and add my labels.
So search for a label and drag one from here and let me zoom in a little bit so we can see better.
Let me make this a little bit bigger because we will need some space right.
We can have some long Simpson names.
Make sure that this is centrally aligned and this will be our name label.
Of course you may not choose to write name label in here OK but I'm just going to write it anyway so
that we will see where our name label is located.
So this is the name label.
And if I copy and pasted that comment see and comment V I can drag and drop a new label here and say
this is job labels.
So we're going to display the job of the Simpson here as well.
So that's it.
We have created our design but now I have to create a new controller and assign it to be the DOT swift
file of this new wave controller so that we can actually define those views into programming section.
So I believe we should go for creating that swift file first so that we can connect it to our new controller.
So come over here with right click say new file and we gonna go for Coco touch class so hit max.
And here as you can see this is not UI wheel controller in my case.
Make sure that this is UI real controller OK so we are not looking for UI table view.
So this is UI.
We have controller and Regan to how to choose Swift of course and I'm going to name these details we
see as details view controller.
So now I can hit next and make sure that Target is selected and create this file.
So this will add a new dot swift file here.
So let me get rid of this comment section OK and let me put this up here and we going to start with
table view and then later on the other views as well.
So let me go to main that storyboard and of course we're going to have to say that open does new editor
from here and select view controller dot Swift.
OK.
And then we can come over here and define our table to you.
And actually we forgot to synchronize the view controller dot Swift that the second view controller
so we're going to do that in the identity inspector over here.
But this is already defined for first view controller.
So let me do that with controlled dreck so we can drag and drop here and I'm going to go for a table
view right.
This is OK and we're going to have to do this synchronizing thing for a second view controller because
that's all we need in the first one.
So let me come over here and hit on this yellow dot or hit on this view controller in order to just
a sign.
Details we see to this.
We have a controller right.
So in order to do that you have to go to these attributes Inspector.
One more time and choose class.
And let me find details we see.
And now these two are synchronized so I can define those values define those views into my weave controller
file.
So choose this view controller file and hit details we see so that we see details we see.
So now this is details we see and I'm trying to import as into details we see.
So this is working right.
I'm going to code this image view.
And here we have the name label.
OK.
Drag and drop name label.
And we have a job label as well.
I'm doing this kind of fast because we have been doing this so far for many times.
I believe you're comfortable with that kind of operation right now.
So here we go.
We are done with designing our app.
We are dying done that defining our reviews.
So let me give the constraints here reset to suggested constraints.
OK so that we can forget about the mean that storyboard.
And we can go back to our code and start writing our models.
So let me go to we have controller dots first.
And here we are going to create the model and we are going to pass this information in here to display
the details.
I believe this has gone too far so we're going to stop here and not make this into a real long lecture.
Rather we are going to continue within the next lecture.